
= How To Use This Wiki =
Press Enter on the index titles to jump to that topic.
	( Pressing Enter on any other word, creates a wiki page under that word! )
To follow URLs in your browser, press `gx` on them.
To learn more about VimWiki and how to use it to take note and make your 
second brain, see the following links:
	https://github.com/vimwiki/vimwiki
	https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten

*Index of Topics:* 
* [[#How To Use This Wiki|How To Use This Wiki]]
* [[#Plugins Guide|Plugins Guide]]
	* [[#Leaderf|Leaderf]]
	* [[#Stargate|Stargate]]
	* [[#Surround|Surround]]
	* [[#vimdict|vimdict]]
	* [[#vim-ddgpb|vim-ddgpb]]
	* [[#vim-live-server|vim-live-server]]
* [[#Full PLugins List|Full Plugins List]]

* [[#Table of Keybindings|Table of Keybindings]]
	* [[#CoC LSP Keybindings|CoC LSP Keybindings]]
	* [[#Misc Keybindings|Misc Keybindings]]
	* [[#Split Navigation|Split Navigation]]
	* [[#Tabs|Tabs]]
	* [[#FZF|FZF]]
	* [[#Aligning Text|Aligning Text]]
	* [[#Enuch Shell Commands|Enuch Shell Commands]]
	* [[#Floaterm|Floaterm]]
	* [[#Terminal|Terminal]]
	* [[#Snippets|Snippets]]
	* [[#bilingual|bilingual]]
	* [[#Unimpaired|Unimpaired]]
		* [[#Most Useful Unimpaired Mappings|Most Useful Unimpaired Mappings]]


= Plugins Guide = 
This plugins guide is not about including a Tl;Dr to every plugin! Yet it will 
cover some of the important ones that are not covered in the tables below. You 
can always check out the individual repos of each plugin and see their README

== Leaderf ==
This is one of the most useful plugins. Although fzf can also do most of these 
things, I prefer to keep them both around. 
Wim doesn't provide any mappings for leaderf, and I advise you against it! 
use leaderf from Vim's Ex Mode (command mode).

*Example:*
fuzzy match file names
`:Leaderf file`
fuzzy match history
`:Leaderf mru`
etc ...

file                search files
tag                 navigate tags using the tags file
function            navigate functions or methods in the buffer
mru                 search most recently used files
searchHistory       execute the search command in the history
cmdHistory          execute the command in the history
help                navigate the help tags
line                search a line in the buffer
colorscheme         switch between colorschemes
gtags               navigate tags using the gtags
self                execute the commands of itself
bufTag              navigate tags in the buffer
buffer              search buffers
rg                  grep using rg
filetype            navigate the filetype
command             execute built-in/user-defined Ex commands.
window              search windows.
quickfix            navigate the quickfix.
loclist             navigate the location list.

*optional arguments:*
	-h, --help            show this help message and exit
	--reverse             show results in bottom-up order
	--stayOpen            don't quit LeaderF after accepting an entry
	--input <INPUT>       specifies INPUT as the pattern inputted in advance
	--cword               current word under cursor is inputted in advance
	--top                 the LeaderF window is at the top of the screen
	--bottom              the LeaderF window is at the bottom of the screen
	--left                the LeaderF window is at the left of the screen
	--right               the LeaderF window is at the right of the screen
	--belowright          the LeaderF window is at the belowright of the screen
	--aboveleft           the LeaderF window is at the aboveleft of the screen
	--fullScreen          the LeaderF window takes up the full screen
	--popup               the LeaderF window is a popup window or floating window
	--nameOnly            LeaderF is in NameOnly mode by default
	--fullPath            LeaderF is in FullPath mode by default
	--fuzzy               LeaderF is in Fuzzy mode by default
	--regexMode           LeaderF is in Regex mode by default
	--nowrap              long lines in the LeaderF window won't wrap
	--next                Jump to the next result.
	--previous            Jump to the previous result.
	--recall              Recall last search. If the result window is closed, reopen it.
	--popup-height <POPUP_HEIGHT>
	                      specifies the maximum height of popup window, only available in popup mode.
	--popup-width <POPUP_WIDTH>
	                      specifies the width of popup window, only available in popup mode.
	--no-sort             do not sort the result.
	--case-insensitive    fuzzy search case insensitively.
	--auto-preview        open preview window automatically.
	--no-auto-preview     don't open preview window automatically.

See: https://github.com/Yggdroot/LeaderF

= Stargate =
Literally magic! Written in vim9script, super fast and super efficient!
 type `\f` in normal mode, followed by a character you want to jump to and 
 follow the hints.
See: https://github.com/monkoose/vim9-stargate 

= Surround =
See: https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround

= vimdict =
My own humble plugin for integrating dict cli into vim in a seamless way.

You can either place your cursor on a word and issue `:Dict`, or optionally map
it to a key:
	`nnoremap <F2> :Dict<CR>`
See: https://github.com/wolandark/vimdict

= vim-ddgpb =
Another one of my own plugins.
Yea the name is trash but its pretty useful. 
Once enabled, you can search a word under the cursor in your browser, or a
chunk of text that is visually selected. This plugin also allows you to submit
a visually selected text to the 0x0.st paste bin.

This plugin binds `\s` and `\p` and `F3` key for visual search, paste bin and 
word under cursor respectively.
See: https://github.com/wolandark/vim-ddgpb/tree/master

= vim-live-server = 
Yet another one of my own plugins.ðŸ˜ 
A liveserver plugin for Vim. 
See: https://github.com/wolandark/vim-live-server

= Full Plugins List =
	*LSP, Completion, Snippers*
	Plug 'sheerun/vim-polyglot'
	Plug 'honza/vim-snippets'
	Plug 'SirVer/ultisnips'
	Plug 'neoclide/coc.nvim', {'branch': 'release'}

	*Colors*
	Plug 'catppuccin/vim', { 'as': 'catppuccin' }
	Plug 'chriskempson/base16-vim'

	*Web Development*
	Plug 'wolandark/vim-live-server'
	Plug 'alvan/vim-closetag'
	Plug 'https://github.com/ap/vim-css-color.git'
	Plug 'DougBeney/pickachu'

	*Git*
	Plug 'airblade/vim-gitgutter'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-fugitive'
	Plug 'rhysd/git-messenger.vim'

	*Usability, Enhancements*
	Plug 'ryanoasis/vim-devicons'
	Plug 'junegunn/fzf', { 'do': { -> fzf#install() } }
	Plug 'junegunn/fzf.vim'
	Plug 'junegunn/vim-peekaboo'
	Plug 'itchyny/lightline.vim'
	Plug 'mengelbrecht/lightline-bufferline'
	Plug 'voldikss/vim-floaterm'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-rsi'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-repeat'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-commentary'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-eunuch'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-surround'
	Plug 'tpope/vim-unimpaired'
	Plug 'https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular.git'
	Plug 'https://github.com/markonm/traces.vim.git'
	Plug 'https://github.com/907th/vim-auto-save.git'
	Plug 'mhinz/vim-startify'
	Plug 'Yggdroot/LeaderF', { 'do': ':LeaderfInstallCExtension' }

	*Jumping Around*
	Plug 'https://github.com/rhysd/clever-f.vim.git'
	Plug 'https://github.com/monkoose/vim9-stargate.git'

	*Utility, Integrations*
	Plug 'ptzz/lf.vim'
	Plug 'vimwiki/vimwiki'
	Plug 'https://github.com/preservim/tagbar.git'
	Plug 'lifepillar/vim-cheat40'
	Plug 'wolandark/vimdict'
			

= Table of Keybindings =
== CoC LSP Keybindings ==

| Keys       | Function                 |
| ---        | ---                      |
| gd         | Jump To Definition       |
| gy         | Type Definition          |
| gi         | Implementation           |
| gr         | References               |
| [g         | Diagnostics Prev         |
| ]g         | Diagnostics Next         |
| <leader>ca | Code Action              |
| <leader>f  | Format Selected Code     |
| <leader>?  | diagnosticInfo           |
| K          | Show Hover Documentation |
| \rc        | Restart CoC              |


== Misc Keybindings ==

| Keys        | Function                                  |
| ---         | ---                                       |
| <F6>        | Turn on SpellChecking                     |
| <F8>        | Compile and Run Basic C Code              |
| <F12>       | Execute Bash, Python, Nodejs & Go Files   |
| gs          | Fix Spelling To The First Immediate Match |
| <ESC><ESC>  | Turn Off Search Highlights                |
| \a          | Auto Save Toggle                          |
| \t          | FloatermToggle                            |
| <leader>M   | Maps                                      |
| <PageUp>    | Buffer Next                               |
| <PageDown>  | Buffer Previous                           |
| <Del>       | Buffer Delete                             |
| <leader>\   | Border Around Current Line Using Toilet   |
| <leader>e   | File Explorer                             |
| <leader>T   | New Tab                                   |
| <leader>mk  | Make View                                 |
| <leader>i   | Startify Dashboard                        |
| <leader>S   | Add Empty Line Above & Below Current Line |
| <leader>[   | Add Empty Line Above                      |
| <leader>]   | Add Empty Line Below                      |
| <leader>w   | Save                                      |
| <leader>so  | Save & Source Buffer                      |
| <leader>k   | Move Line Up                              |
| <leader>j   | Move Line Down                            |
| K           | Move Line Up In Visual Mode               |
| J           | Move Line Down In Visual Mode             |
| jj          | <ESC>                                     |
| <leader>pli | PlugInstall                               |
| <leader>plc | PlugClean                                 |
| <leader>plu | PlugUpdate                                |
| <leader>pld | PlugUpgrade                               |

== Split Navigation ==

| Key       | Function                 |
| ---       | ---                      |
| <C-h>     | Focus Left Split         |
| <C-j>     | Focus Bottom Split       |
| <C-k>     | Focus Top Split          |
| <C-l>     | Focus Right Split        |
| <C-LEFT>  | Focus Left Split         |
| <C-DOWN>  | Focus Bottom Split       |
| <C-UP>    | Focus Top Split          |
| <C-RIGHT> | Focus Right Split        |
| <leader>R | Rotate Window Up/Left    |
| <leader>r | Rotate Window Down/Right |
| <s-Right> | Resize Split Right       |
| <s-LEFT>  | Resize Split Left        |
| <s-UP>    | Resize Split Up          |
| <s-DOWN>  | Resize Split Down        |

== Tabs ==

| Key          | Function                       |
| ---          | ---                            |
| <M-Left>     | Tab Previous                   |
| <M-Right>    | Tab Next                       |
| <leader>1..9 | Go To Corresponding Tab Number |
| <leader>0    | Tab Last                       |
| <leader>x    | Tab Close                      |

== FZF ==
Other than `:Colors` and `:Buffers`, the rest of these are commented out. You can enable them at your will.

| Key         | Function |
| ---         | ---      |
| \c          | Colors   |
| <leader>b   | Buffers  |
| <leader>ff  | Files    |
| <leader>W   | Windows  |
| <leader>h   | History  |
| <leader>hc  | History  |
| <leader>rg  | Ripgrep  |
| <leader>li  | Lines    |
| <leader>bli | BLines   |
| <leader>ma  | Marks    |
| <leader>sn  | Snippets |
| <leader>com | Commands |
| <leader>ag  | Ag       |
| <leader>tag | Tags     |

== Aligning Text ==

| Key  | Function          |
| ---  | ---               |
| \\ta | Tabularize Tables |

== Enuch Shell Commands ==
Other than ':Chmod', the rest of these are commented out. You can enable them at your will.

| Key         | Function  |
| ---         | ---       |
| <leader>ch  | Chmod +x  |
| <leader>suw | SudoWrite |
| <leader>sue | SudoEdit  |
| <leader>rm  | Remove    |
| <leader>del | Delete!   |
| <leader>mv  | Move      |
| <leader>dup | Duplicate |
| <leader>mkd | Mkdir     |

== Floaterm ==

| Key        | Function               |
| ---        | ---                    |
| \t         | FloatermToggle         |
| \q         | FloatermKill           |
| \n         | FloatermNext           |
| \p         | FloatermPrev           |
| \v         | vifm Inside FloaTerm   |
| \ra        | ranger Inside FloaTerm |
| \\tr       | Terminal Right         |
| \\tb       | Terminal Bottom        |
| \rg        | Run Go In Terminal     |
| \rb        | Run Bash In Terminal   |
| \rj        | Run Nodejs In Terminal |
| \rp        | Run Python In Terminal |
| <leader>lf | Lf                     |

== Terminal ==

| Key       | Function                                   |
| ---       | ---                                        |
| <leader>' | Vim's Terminal                             |
| \l        | Clear Terminal In the Background (For F12) |
| <C-j>     | Focus Bottom                               |
| <C-k>     | Focus Top                                  |
| <C-DOWN>  | Focus Bottom                               |
| <C-UP>    | Focus Top                                  |

== Snippets ==

| Key   | Function                                      |
| ---   | ---                                           |
| <C-j> | Expand Snippet & Jump Forward In Placeholders |
| <C-k> | Jump Backward In  Placeholders                |
| <C-l> | List Snippets                                 |

== bilingual ==

| Key   | Function                    |
| ---   | ---                         |
| <C-a> | SwitchKeymap In Insert Mode |
| <C-p> | SwitchKeymap In Normal Mode |

== Unimpaired ==
=== Most Useful Unimpaired Mappings ===
Refer to the [official guide](https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired/blob/master/doc/unimpaired.txt) for more

| Key      | Function                                               |
| ---      | ---                                                    |
| [b       | :bprevious                                             |
| ]b       | :bnext                                                 |
| [B       | :bfirst                                                |
| ]B       | :blast                                                 |
| [a       | :previous                                              |
| ]a       | :next                                                  |
| [A       | :first                                                 |
| ]A       | :last                                                  |
| [<Space> | Add [count] blank lines above the cursor.              |
| ]<Space> | Add [count] blank lines below the cursor.              |
| [e       | Exchange the current line with [count] lines above it. |
| ]e       | Exchange the current line with [count] lines below it. |

